Choupo-Moting has a Squawka rating of 2.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of -26. His best game of the season was against Everton where he earned a Performance Score of 1. His worst game this term was against Arsenal where he accrued a score of -18. Choupo-Moting, in the English Premier League, has scored no goals this season, creating two chances and no assists. Choupo-Moting has completed 37 passes this season with a pass accuracy of 73%, of which 68% were forward passes.
Castro Otto has a Squawka rating of 2.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of -48. His best game of the season was against Real Betis where he earned a Performance Score of -8. His worst game this term was against Real Sociedad where he accrued a score of -40. Castro Otto, in the Spanish La Liga, has won three tackles this season with a success rate of 38%. He has made two interceptions, seven clearances and no blocks.
Albert Adomah has a Squawka rating of 3 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 13. His best game of the season was against Cardiff City where he earned a Performance Score of 13. His worst game this term was against Cardiff City where he accrued a score of 13. Albert Adomah, in the English Football League - Championship, has scored no goals this season, creating no chances and no assists. Albert Adomah has completed 14 passes this season with a pass accuracy of 78%, of which 71% were forward passes.
Ersoy has a Squawka rating of 5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 70. His best game of the season was against Adanaspor where he earned a Performance Score of 59. His worst game this term was against Kasimpasa S.K. where he accrued a score of -49. Ersoy, in the Turkish Super Lig, has won 18 tackles this season with a success rate of 55%. He has made 43 interceptions, 91 clearances and 14 blocks.
Jonathan de Guzmán has a Squawka rating of 3.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 17. His best game of the season was against Sport-Club Freiburg where he earned a Performance Score of 23. His worst game this term was against VfL Wolfsburg where he accrued a score of -6. Jonathan de Guzmán, in the German Bundesliga, has scored no goals this season, creating one chance and no assists. Jonathan de Guzmán has completed 38 passes this season with a pass accuracy of 78%, of which 89% were forward passes.
Jacques Maghoma has a Squawka rating of 3.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 110. His best game of the season was against Bristol City where he earned a Performance Score of 70. His worst game this term was against Bolton Wanderers where he accrued a score of -12. Jacques Maghoma, in the English Football League - Championship, has scored two goals this season, creating six chances and no assists. Jacques Maghoma has completed 60 passes this season with a pass accuracy of 83%, of which 72% were forward passes.
Aaron Cresswell has a Squawka rating of 3 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 7. His best game of the season was against Southampton where he earned a Performance Score of 12. His worst game this term was against Manchester United where he accrued a score of -5. Aaron Cresswell, in the English Premier League, has won no tackles this season with a success rate of 0%. He has made no interceptions, six clearances and no blocks.
Durmaz has a Squawka rating of 4.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 97. His best game of the season was against Rennes where he earned a Performance Score of 57. His worst game this term was against Paris Saint-Germain where he accrued a score of -5. Durmaz, in the French Ligue 1, has scored three goals this season, creating three chances and one assist. Durmaz has completed 49 passes this season with a pass accuracy of 64%, of which 108% were forward passes.
Diego Mariño has a Squawka rating of 2.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of -63. His best game of the season was against Granada CF where he earned a Performance Score of -7. His worst game this term was against Leganés where he accrued a score of -41. Diego Mariño, in the Spanish La Liga, has made nine saves this season keeping no clean sheets . He has a pass accuracy of 51%.
Rodallega has a Squawka rating of 5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 289. His best game of the season was against Antalyaspor where he earned a Performance Score of 83. His worst game this term was against Adanaspor where he accrued a score of -6. Rodallega, in the Turkish Super Lig, has scored six goals this season, and registered no assists. He has a shot accuracy of 54%.
Armand Traore has a Squawka rating of 2.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 29. His best game of the season was against Millwall where he earned a Performance Score of 45. His worst game this term was against Middlesbrough where he accrued a score of -26. Armand Traore, in the English Football League - Championship, has won four tackles this season with a success rate of 40%. He has made two interceptions, 15 clearances and one block.
Germán Pezzella has a Squawka rating of 4.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 22. Germán Pezzella, in the Italian Serie A, has won one tackle this season with a success rate of 33%. He has made two interceptions, five clearances and no blocks.
Mawson has a Squawka rating of 4.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 102. His best game of the season was against Southampton where he earned a Performance Score of 88. His worst game this term was against Manchester United where he accrued a score of -40. Mawson, in the English Premier League, has won no tackles this season with a success rate of 0%. He has made one interception, 16 clearances and two blocks.
Nefiz has a Squawka rating of 5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of -7. His best game of the season was against Kasimpasa S.K. where he earned a Performance Score of 17. His worst game this term was against Konyaspor where he accrued a score of -14. Nefiz, in the Turkish Super Lig, has scored no goals this season, creating three chances and one assist. Nefiz has completed 116 passes this season with a pass accuracy of 81%, of which 72% were forward passes.
Forestieri has a Squawka rating of 0.5 star out of 5 with a Performance Score of -18. His best game of the season was against Preston North End where he earned a Performance Score of -18. His worst game this term was against Preston North End where he accrued a score of -18. Forestieri, in the English Football League - Championship, has scored no goals this season, and registered no assists. He has a shot accuracy of 0%.
Beauvue has a Squawka rating of 3 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 1. Beauvue, in the Spanish La Liga, has scored no goals this season, and registered no assists. He has a shot accuracy of 0%.
Akbaba has a Squawka rating of 5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 614. His best game of the season was against Gaziantepspor where he earned a Performance Score of 80. His worst game this term was against Antalyaspor where he accrued a score of -32. Akbaba, in the Turkish Super Lig, has scored six goals this season, creating 46 chances and six assists. Akbaba has completed 1113 passes this season with a pass accuracy of 83%, of which 70% were forward passes.
Javi López has a Squawka rating of 4 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 27. His best game of the season was against Sevilla where he earned a Performance Score of 29. His worst game this term was against Leganés where he accrued a score of -3. Javi López, in the Spanish La Liga, has won four tackles this season with a success rate of 40%. He has made five interceptions, five clearances and one block.
Daryl Murphy has a Squawka rating of 3.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 98. His best game of the season was against Barnsley where he earned a Performance Score of 59. His worst game this term was against Millwall where he accrued a score of -21. Daryl Murphy, in the English Football League - Championship, has scored three goals this season, and registered no assists. He has a shot accuracy of 63%.
Diego Farias has a Squawka rating of 3.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 14. His best game of the season was against Milan where he earned a Performance Score of 26. His worst game this term was against Juventus where he accrued a score of -11. Diego Farias, in the Italian Serie A, has scored no goals this season, and registered one assist. He has a shot accuracy of 67%.
Hrgota has a Squawka rating of 2.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of -17. His best game of the season was against Sport-Club Freiburg where he earned a Performance Score of 2. His worst game this term was against VfL Wolfsburg where he accrued a score of -19. Hrgota, in the German Bundesliga, has scored no goals this season, and registered no assists. He has a shot accuracy of 0%.
Szymanowski has a Squawka rating of 3.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 21. His best game of the season was against Espanyol where he earned a Performance Score of 26. His worst game this term was against Alavés where he accrued a score of -3. Szymanowski, in the Spanish La Liga, has scored no goals this season, creating six chances and no assists. Szymanowski has completed 47 passes this season with a pass accuracy of 78%, of which 60% were forward passes.
Stancu has a Squawka rating of 5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of -15. His best game of the season was against Trabzonspor where he earned a Performance Score of 19. His worst game this term was against Fenerbahçe where he accrued a score of -25. Stancu, in the Turkish Super Lig, has scored no goals this season, and registered one assist. He has a shot accuracy of 64%.
Fred Onyedinma has a Squawka rating of 1.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of -22. His best game of the season was against Bolton Wanderers where he earned a Performance Score of 7. His worst game this term was against Nottingham Forest where he accrued a score of -21. Fred Onyedinma, in the English Football League - Championship, has scored no goals this season, creating no chances and no assists. Fred Onyedinma has completed nine passes this season with a pass accuracy of 75%, of which 67% were forward passes.
Eraso has a Squawka rating of 3 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 8. His best game of the season was against Espanyol where he earned a Performance Score of 20. His worst game this term was against Alavés where he accrued a score of -14. Eraso, in the Spanish La Liga, has scored no goals this season, creating two chances and no assists. Eraso has completed 60 passes this season with a pass accuracy of 76%, of which 68% were forward passes.
Gustavo Cabral has a Squawka rating of 3.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 18. His best game of the season was against Real Sociedad where he earned a Performance Score of 21. His worst game this term was against Real Betis where he accrued a score of -3. Gustavo Cabral, in the Spanish La Liga, has won one tackle this season with a success rate of 33%. He has made two interceptions, five clearances and no blocks.
Jozabed Sánchez has a Squawka rating of 2.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of -17. His best game of the season was against Real Sociedad where he earned a Performance Score of 17. His worst game this term was against Real Betis where he accrued a score of -34. Jozabed Sánchez, in the Spanish La Liga, has scored no goals this season, creating four chances and no assists. Jozabed Sánchez has completed 76 passes this season with a pass accuracy of 86%, of which 74% were forward passes.
Kisa has a Squawka rating of 5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of -3. His best game of the season was against Istanbul Basaksehir where he earned a Performance Score of 15. His worst game this term was against Kardemir Karabükspor where he accrued a score of -22. Kisa, in the Turkish Super Lig, has scored no goals this season, creating five chances and no assists. Kisa has completed 233 passes this season with a pass accuracy of 79%, of which 86% were forward passes.
Craig Cathcart has a Squawka rating of 3 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 2. Craig Cathcart, in the English Premier League, has won no tackles this season with a success rate of 0%. He has made no interceptions, two clearances and no blocks.
Veretout has a Squawka rating of 3.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 10. His best game of the season was against Internazionale where he earned a Performance Score of 18. His worst game this term was against Sampdoria where he accrued a score of -8. Veretout, in the Italian Serie A, has scored no goals this season, creating one chance and no assists. Veretout has completed 91 passes this season with a pass accuracy of 87%, of which 80% were forward passes.
Juan Rodríguez has a Squawka rating of 2.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of -53. His best game of the season was against Granada CF where he earned a Performance Score of 9. His worst game this term was against Barcelona where he accrued a score of -68. Juan Rodríguez, in the Spanish La Liga, has won one tackle this season with a success rate of 13%. He has made four interceptions, 10 clearances and five blocks.
van Velzen has a Squawka rating of 2 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of -11. His best game of the season was against Vitesse where he earned a Performance Score of 3. His worst game this term was against PSV where he accrued a score of -16. van Velzen, in the Dutch Eredivisie, has scored no goals this season, and registered no assists. He has a shot accuracy of 100%.
Harun Tekin has a Squawka rating of 5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 48. His best game of the season was against Konyaspor where he earned a Performance Score of 143. His worst game this term was against Çaykur Rizespor where he accrued a score of -99. Harun Tekin, in the Turkish Super Lig, has made 101 saves this season keeping eight clean sheets . He has a pass accuracy of 54%.
Diogo Jota has a Squawka rating of 2.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 62. His best game of the season was against Brentford where he earned a Performance Score of 58. His worst game this term was against Hull City where he accrued a score of -3. Diogo Jota, in the English Football League - Championship, has scored one goal this season, creating eight chances and one assist. Diogo Jota has completed 134 passes this season with a pass accuracy of 78%, of which 59% were forward passes.
Atdhe Nuhiu has a Squawka rating of 2 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 0. Atdhe Nuhiu, in the English Football League - Championship, has scored no goals this season, and registered no assists. He has a shot accuracy of 0%.
Kakuta has a Squawka rating of 2.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of -8. His best game of the season was against Angers where he earned a Performance Score of 4. His worst game this term was against St Etienne where he accrued a score of -12. Kakuta, in the French Ligue 1, has scored no goals this season, creating three chances and no assists. Kakuta has completed 41 passes this season with a pass accuracy of 80%, of which 78% were forward passes.
Dessena has a Squawka rating of 3.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 7. Dessena, in the Italian Serie A, has scored no goals this season, creating no chances and no assists. Dessena has completed six passes this season with a pass accuracy of 100%, of which 33% were forward passes.
Torres Ruiz has a Squawka rating of 3.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 20. His best game of the season was against Athletic Club where he earned a Performance Score of 24. His worst game this term was against Leganés where he accrued a score of -9. Torres Ruiz, in the Spanish La Liga, has won six tackles this season with a success rate of 43%. He has made six interceptions, 21 clearances and one block.
Onomah has a Squawka rating of 2 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 10. His best game of the season was against Bristol City where he earned a Performance Score of 26. His worst game this term was against Norwich City where he accrued a score of -14. Onomah, in the English Football League - Championship, has scored one goal this season, creating no chances and no assists. Onomah has completed 99 passes this season with a pass accuracy of 79%, of which 72% were forward passes.
Mendes Paciência has a Squawka rating of 5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of -16. His best game of the season was against GD Chaves where he earned a Performance Score of 19. His worst game this term was against Belenenses where he accrued a score of -31. Mendes Paciência, in the Portuguese Primeira Liga, has scored no goals this season, and registered no assists. He has a shot accuracy of 25%.
Ferhat Kaplan has a Squawka rating of 5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 175. His best game of the season was against Adanaspor where he earned a Performance Score of 75. His worst game this term was against Konyaspor where he accrued a score of -58. Ferhat Kaplan, in the Turkish Super Lig, has made 44 saves this season keeping six clean sheets . He has a pass accuracy of 56%.
Joel Lynch has a Squawka rating of 1.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of -4. His best game of the season was against Sheffield Wednesday where he earned a Performance Score of 3. His worst game this term was against Norwich City where he accrued a score of -9. Joel Lynch, in the English Football League - Championship, has won no tackles this season with a success rate of 0%. He has made 11 interceptions, 10 clearances and no blocks.
Costinha has a Squawka rating of 5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 0. His best game of the season was against Sporting Lisbon where he earned a Performance Score of 19. His worst game this term was against GD Chaves where he accrued a score of -12. Costinha, in the Portuguese Primeira Liga, has scored no goals this season, and registered no assists. He has a shot accuracy of 100%.
Güral has a Squawka rating of 5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 10. His best game of the season was against Alanyaspor where he earned a Performance Score of 13. His worst game this term was against Galatasaray where he accrued a score of -10. Güral, in the Turkish Super Lig, has scored no goals this season, and registered no assists. He has a shot accuracy of 33%.
Abdou Diallo has a Squawka rating of 3.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 20. His best game of the season was against Hannover 96 where he earned a Performance Score of 26. His worst game this term was against VfB Stuttgart where he accrued a score of -6. Abdou Diallo, in the German Bundesliga, has won one tackle this season with a success rate of 20%. He has made six interceptions, three clearances and one block.
Kath has a Squawka rating of 2.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of -8. Kath, in the German Bundesliga, has scored no goals this season, creating no chances and no assists. Kath has completed one pass this season with a pass accuracy of 50%, of which 100% were forward passes.
Delort has a Squawka rating of 2.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of -63. His best game of the season was against Monaco where he earned a Performance Score of 3. His worst game this term was against Paris Saint-Germain where he accrued a score of -42. Delort, in the French Ligue 1, has scored one goal this season, and registered one assist. He has a shot accuracy of 50%.
Aboubakar Kamara has a Squawka rating of 1.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of -36. His best game of the season was against Sheffield Wednesday where he earned a Performance Score of 4. His worst game this term was against Reading where he accrued a score of -27. Aboubakar Kamara, in the English Football League - Championship, has scored no goals this season, and registered no assists. He has a shot accuracy of 0%.
Gorter has a Squawka rating of 2.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 18. His best game of the season was against sc Heerenveen where he earned a Performance Score of 24. His worst game this term was against AZ where he accrued a score of -7. Gorter, in the Dutch Eredivisie, has scored no goals this season, creating seven chances and one assist. Gorter has completed 43 passes this season with a pass accuracy of 78%, of which 84% were forward passes.
Darren Randolph has a Squawka rating of 3.5 stars out of 5 with a Performance Score of 120. His best game of the season was against Sheffield United where he earned a Performance Score of 63. His worst game this term was against Nottingham Forest where he accrued a score of -22. Darren Randolph, in the English Football League - Championship, has made eight saves this season keeping three clean sheets . He has a pass accuracy of 77%.